[Music]
on Berk a Viking village located on a
remote island subject to frequent dragon
attacks hiccup the awkward
fifteen-year-old son of the village
chieftain stoic the vast is deemed too
small and weak to fight the Dragons
because of this he instead fashions
mechanical devices under his
apprenticeship with Gobber
the village blacksmith though his
inventions often backfire during one
attack hiccup shoots down a Night Fury
an extremely dangerous never-before-seen
dragon yet no one believes him so he
goes off to look for it on his own he
later finds the Night Fury in the forest
trapped in his bolas but finding that he
cannot bring himself to kill the dragon
instead setting it free stoic assembles
a fleet to find the Dragon's nest
entering hiccup in a dragon killing
class taught by Gobber hiccup returns to
the forest to find the Night Fury still
there realizing the dragon cannot fly
because hiccups bolas crippled its tail
fin hiccup befriends the dragon
gradually taming it and giving it the
name toothless due to its retractable
teeth feeling guilty for crippling
toothless hiccup designs a harness rig
and prosthetic fin for the dragon that
allows the dragon to fly once more as
hiccup controls its prosthetic tail by
observing toothless's behavior hiccup
becomes increasingly proficient in
subduing the captive dragons during
training non-violently earning him the
admiration of his peers but causing
Astrid a tough Viking girl on whom
hiccup has a crush to become
increasingly suspicious of his behavior
meanwhile Stoics fleet arrives home
unsuccessful though he is cheered up by
hiccups unexpected success in dragon
training faster it eventually discovers
toothless in the forest
hiccup takes her for a flight to
demonstrate that the dragon is harmless
toothless unexpectedly takes the pair to
the Dragon's nest where they discover a
gargantuan dragon named the Red Death
which eats the smaller dragons unless
they bring in food the two realized that
the dragons have been attacking Berk
under the red death's control and not by
their own free will back at the village
pick up having one dragon training is
given the honour of killing a captive
monstrous nightmare dragon he subdues it
in front of his father and village
instead in an attempt to prove that the
dragons are harmless
however stoic inadvertently angers the
dragon into attacking toothless attempts
to protect hiccup in the ensuing panic
but is instead captured by the Vikings
in the process hiccup accidentally
reveals to stoical that toothless is
capable of locating the Dragon's nest
stoic disowned
and sets off for the nest with toothless
chained to the lead ship as a guide
the Vikings locate and break open the
Dragon's nest allowing most of the
dragons to fly out but also awakening
the Red Death which soon overwhelms the
berkians hiccup Astrid and their friends
fly in riding Burke's captive training
dragons providing cover fire and
distracting the Red Death while hiccup
frees toothless hiccup almost drowns
while doing so but stoic saves them both
reconciling with his son toothless and
hiccup destroy the red death by shooting
fire into its mouth hiccup is injured in
the fight losing his lower left leg pick
up later regains consciousness on Berk
to find himself
admired amongst the tribe and by Astrid
having successfully brought dragons and
humans together
[Music]